scrum/service/test/MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_05_EmailToCase_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_05_EmailToCase_Test
scrum/service/test/MP05_ServiceEnab_TC_02_EnableCommunity_ValidateServiceGroup_TrobuleshootAccess_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP05_ServiceEnab_TC_02_EnableCommunity_ValidateServiceGroup_TrobuleshootAccess_Test
scrum/service/test/MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_04_CreateContact_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_04_CreateContact_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP01_SalesEnab_TC_05_VerifyAccess_Opportunities_Test.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP01_SalesEnab_TC_05_VerifyAccess_Opportunities_Test
com/regression_03/test/MP_Regression_QM_TC03_Validate_newSiteContact_creation_from_Order_Layout_Page_ON.java
 com.regression_03.test.MP_Regression_QM_TC03_Validate_newSiteContact_creation_from_Order_Layout_Page_ON
testpoc/mpdemo/test/MP_ServiceEnab_TC_01_CreateBusinessAccount_Demo_Test.java
 testpoc.mpdemo.test.MP_ServiceEnab_TC_01_CreateBusinessAccount_Demo_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP01_SalesEnab_TC_04_CreateQuote_NewServiceAccount_Test.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP01_SalesEnab_TC_04_CreateQuote_NewServiceAccount_Test
scrum/qm/test/MP01_QM_TC_04_VerifyAccess_Quotes_Test.java
 scrum.qm.test.MP01_QM_TC_04_VerifyAccess_Quotes_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_14_VerifyAccess_AE_NoAccess_ManualQueues_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_14_VerifyAccess_AE_NoAccess_ManualQueues_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_15_VerifyAccess_SalesManager_NoAccess_ManualQueues_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_15_VerifyAccess_SalesManager_NoAccess_ManualQueues_Test
scrum/communities/test/MP_Communities_TC_04_VerifyOrderDetails_Test.java
 scrum.communities.test.MP_Communities_TC_04_VerifyOrderDetails_Test
com/regression_03/test/MP_Regression_QM_On_CBF_Opportunity.java
 com.regression_03.test.MP_Regression_QM_On_CBF_Opportunity
mp/scrum/test/MP_Scrum_QM_HybridCart_IBLC_PriceCost_Validation_Test.java
 mp.scrum.test.MP_Scrum_QM_HybridCart_IBLC_PriceCost_Validation_Test
scrum/service/test/MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_03_CreateBillingAccount_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_03_CreateBillingAccount_Test
com/regression_03/test/PI2SP1_US_32916_OM_Validate_CableProvisioningQueue_for_INT_TV_Test.java
 com.regression_03.test.PI2SP1_US_32916_OM_Validate_CableProvisioningQueue_for_INT_TV_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP05_SalesEnab_TC_02_VerifyR4B_B2B_Navigation_ForProductSubProduct_OpportunityCreation_Test.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP05_SalesEnab_TC_02_VerifyR4B_B2B_Navigation_ForProductSubProduct_OpportunityCreation_Test
scrum/service/test/MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_05_CaseInQueue_UserNotAllowedToEdit_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_05_CaseInQueue_UserNotAllowedToEdit_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_05_OrderActivation_NewContact_ExistingSA_ExistingSiteContact_Ignite_Monthly_ON_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_05_OrderActivation_NewContact_ExistingSA_ExistingSiteContact_Ignite_Monthly_ON_Test
scrum/service/test/MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_04_ModifyRoles_Business_Service_Billing_Account_Validate_ACR_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_04_ModifyRoles_Business_Service_Billing_Account_Validate_ACR_Test
scrum/service/test/MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_07_UserProactivelyCreatesNewCase_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_07_UserProactivelyCreatesNewCase_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP01_SalesEnab_TC_02_CreateQuote_OnNetServiceability_Test.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP01_SalesEnab_TC_02_CreateQuote_OnNetServiceability_Test
scrum/om/test/MP01_OM_TC_01_OrchestrationTasks_Creation_Test.java
 scrum.om.test.MP01_OM_TC_01_OrchestrationTasks_Creation_Test
testpoc/insprint/test/TC_3_Sprint_08_US_528__CONTACT_____Create_Multiple_Contact_For_BA_Test.java
 testpoc.insprint.test.TC_3_Sprint_08_US_528__CONTACT_____Create_Multiple_Contact_For_BA_Test
scrum/om/test/MP01_OM_TC_05_VerifyAccess_ManualQueues_Test.java
 scrum.om.test.MP01_OM_TC_05_VerifyAccess_ManualQueues_Test
com/regression_01/test/MP_Scrum_ServiceEnab_CaseManagement_Service_Categories_Validation_Test.java
 com.regression_01.test.MP_Scrum_ServiceEnab_CaseManagement_Service_Categories_Validation_Test
testpoc/insprint/test/TC_6_Sprint_10_US_1099_SERVICEACC__Create_Service_Account_Verify_Premises_Test.java
 testpoc.insprint.test.TC_6_Sprint_10_US_1099_SERVICEACC__Create_Service_Account_Verify_Premises_Test
scrum/service/test/MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_02_Validate_Guided_Case_Creation_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_02_Validate_Guided_Case_Creation_Test
testpoc/mpdemo/test/SFDC_TC_03_ValidateOmniSupervisor_Test.java
 testpoc.mpdemo.test.SFDC_TC_03_ValidateOmniSupervisor_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_03_OrderActivation_ExistingContact_NewSA_NewSiteContact_BusinessInternetWifi_Monthly_ON_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_03_OrderActivation_ExistingContact_NewSA_NewSiteContact_BusinessInternetWifi_Monthly_ON_Test
scrum/service/test/MP06_ServiceEnab_TC_02_Link_DeLink_Account_MasterAccount_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP06_ServiceEnab_TC_02_Link_DeLink_Account_MasterAccount_Test
scrum/service/test/MP05_ServiceEnab_TC_01_VerifyWebToCaseRouting_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP05_ServiceEnab_TC_01_VerifyWebToCaseRouting_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_03_Validate_Multiple_Existing_ServicableLocations_Test.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_03_Validate_Multiple_Existing_ServicableLocations_Test
com/regression_03/test/PI2SP1_US_35937_OM_Validate_OrderDecomposition_Subtask_Test.java
 com.regression_03.test.PI2SP1_US_35937_OM_Validate_OrderDecomposition_Subtask_Test
scrum/om/test/MP03_OM_TC_01_VerifyTaskState_Ready_Running_Task1_Task2_Test.java
 scrum.om.test.MP03_OM_TC_01_VerifyTaskState_Ready_Running_Task1_Task2_Test
com/regression_01/test/MP_Regression_QM_GBJ_E2E_INT_TV_Standalone_Bundled_Test.java
 com.regression_01.test.MP_Regression_QM_GBJ_E2E_INT_TV_Standalone_Bundled_Test
scrum/qm/test/MP01_QM_TC_02_Quote_VerifyQuotePDFAttachment_Test.java
 scrum.qm.test.MP01_QM_TC_02_Quote_VerifyQuotePDFAttachment_Test
scrum/om/test/MP01_OM_TC_04_VerifyAccess_Orders_Test.java
 scrum.om.test.MP01_OM_TC_04_VerifyAccess_Orders_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_CPQOM_ContractCode_Validation_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_CPQOM_ContractCode_Validation_Test
scrum/service/test/MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_02_CreateChildBusinessAccount_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_02_CreateChildBusinessAccount_Test
testpoc/insprint/test/TC_5_Sprint_08_US_533__SERVICEACC__Create_Multiple_Service_Account_Test.java
 testpoc.insprint.test.TC_5_Sprint_08_US_533__SERVICEACC__Create_Multiple_Service_Account_Test
scrum/service/test/MP06_ServiceEnab_TC_01_Create_Remove_Relationship_Contact_BusinessAccount_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP06_ServiceEnab_TC_01_Create_Remove_Relationship_Contact_BusinessAccount_Test
com/regression_01/test/MP_Regression_QM_GBJ_E2E_IBLC_Standalone_Bundled_Test.java
 com.regression_01.test.MP_Regression_QM_GBJ_E2E_IBLC_Standalone_Bundled_Test
scrum/qm/test/MP09_QM_TC_02_ValidateInstallationDiscount_Hybridcart_Test.java
 scrum.qm.test.MP09_QM_TC_02_ValidateInstallationDiscount_Hybridcart_Test
scrum/service/test/MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_01_ChangeEmployeeSize_InBusinessAccount_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_01_ChangeEmployeeSize_InBusinessAccount_Test
com/regression_03/test/MP_Regression_OM_GBJ_RDI.java
 com.regression_03.test.MP_Regression_OM_GBJ_RDI
scrum/service/test/MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_08_CreateQuickText_InsertQuickTextInEmail_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_08_CreateQuickText_InsertQuickTextInEmail_Test
com/regression_02/test/MP_OM_TC_01_Validation_Order_Cancellation_After_Task1_Failed_ATL_Test.java
 com.regression_02.test.MP_OM_TC_01_Validation_Order_Cancellation_After_Task1_Failed_ATL_Test
mp/scrum/test/MP_Scrum_CPQOM_Quote_Recurring_PriceCostMargin_Validation_Test.java
 mp.scrum.test.MP_Scrum_CPQOM_Quote_Recurring_PriceCostMargin_Validation_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_VerifyOrderActivation_ON_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_VerifyOrderActivation_ON_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_09_OrderActivation_ExistingContact_NewSA_NewSiteContact_Ignite_Monthly_Atlantic_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_09_OrderActivation_ExistingContact_NewSA_NewSiteContact_Ignite_Monthly_Atlantic_Test
scrum/om/test/MP01_OM_TC_02_Assets_Creation_Test.java
 scrum.om.test.MP01_OM_TC_02_Assets_Creation_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_07_OrderActivation_NewContact_NewSA_NewSiteContact_Ignite_36Months_Atlantic_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_07_OrderActivation_NewContact_NewSA_NewSiteContact_Ignite_36Months_Atlantic_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_06_R4B_B2B_R4B_ContactUpdate_EmpSizeUpdate_ValidationTest.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_06_R4B_B2B_R4B_ContactUpdate_EmpSizeUpdate_ValidationTest
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_01_OrderActivation_ExistingContact_ExistingSA_ExistingSiteContact_BusinessInternet_Monthly_ON_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_01_OrderActivation_ExistingContact_ExistingSA_ExistingSiteContact_BusinessInternet_Monthly_ON_Test
testpoc/mpdemo/test/SFDC_TC_02_ValidateOpportunitySearch_Test.java
 testpoc.mpdemo.test.SFDC_TC_02_ValidateOpportunitySearch_Test
scrum/om/test/MP01_OM_TC_03_BillingAccountCreation_Test.java
 scrum.om.test.MP01_OM_TC_03_BillingAccountCreation_Test
scrum/communities/test/MP_Communities_TC_01_VerifyMBH_ComBadge_Header_BusCases_ComTabs_Test.java
 scrum.communities.test.MP_Communities_TC_01_VerifyMBH_ComBadge_Header_BusCases_ComTabs_Test
testpoc/insprint/test/TC_4_Sprint_07_US_532__SERVICEACC__Create_Service_Account_Test.java
 testpoc.insprint.test.TC_4_Sprint_07_US_532__SERVICEACC__Create_Service_Account_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_04_Log_An_Activity_Through_Opportunity_ServiceAccount_Contact.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_04_Log_An_Activity_Through_Opportunity_ServiceAccount_Contact
scrum/sales/test/MP01_SalesEnab_TC_01_CreateOpportunity_Test.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP01_SalesEnab_TC_01_CreateOpportunity_Test
scrum/qm/test/MP12_QM_GuidedByJourney_IBLC_Sanity_Test.java
 scrum.qm.test.MP12_QM_GuidedByJourney_IBLC_Sanity_Test
scrum/om/test/MP_Regression_OM_Validate_OrderActivation_E2E_RDI_Test.java
 scrum.om.test.MP_Regression_OM_Validate_OrderActivation_E2E_RDI_Test
scrum/qm/test/MP01_QM_TC_01_QuoteAcceptance_Test.java
 scrum.qm.test.MP01_QM_TC_01_QuoteAcceptance_Test
scrum/communities/test/MP_Communities_TC_03_VerifyCaseAttachment_Upload_Delete_Test.java
 scrum.communities.test.MP_Communities_TC_03_VerifyCaseAttachment_Upload_Delete_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_CPQOM_Quote_Pricing_Cost_Validation_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_CPQOM_Quote_Pricing_Cost_Validation_Test
scrum/service/test/MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_03_Validate_ACR_InContact_DifferentContactRoles_InBusAcc_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_03_Validate_ACR_InContact_DifferentContactRoles_InBusAcc_Test
scrum/om/test/MP03_OM_TC_02_VerifyTaskState_Pending_Running_Task1_Task2_Test.java
 scrum.om.test.MP03_OM_TC_02_VerifyTaskState_Pending_Running_Task1_Task2_Test
scrum/service/test/MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_03_ChangeLegalNameBusinessAccount_Approve_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_03_ChangeLegalNameBusinessAccount_Approve_Test
scrum/service/test/MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_06_CaseOwned_UserAllowedToEdit_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_06_CaseOwned_UserAllowedToEdit_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_02_OrderActivation_NewContact_ExistingSA_NewSiteContact_BusinessInternetPro_36Months_ON_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_02_OrderActivation_NewContact_ExistingSA_NewSiteContact_BusinessInternetPro_36Months_ON_Test
scrum/communities/test/MPOSS_33490_Validate_PBF_SiteSelection_SingleAcc_MultipleAcc.java
 scrum.communities.test.MPOSS_33490_Validate_PBF_SiteSelection_SingleAcc_MultipleAcc
scrum/communities/test/MP_Communities_TC_02_VerifyMBH_QuickLinks_ToggleCom_Footer_Test.java
 scrum.communities.test.MP_Communities_TC_02_VerifyMBH_QuickLinks_ToggleCom_Footer_Test
scrum/service/test/MP11_ServiceEnab_TC_02_MandatoryFieldsNotUpdated_CaseNotResolved_MandatoryFieldsUpdated_CaseStausToResolved_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP11_ServiceEnab_TC_02_MandatoryFieldsNotUpdated_CaseNotResolved_MandatoryFieldsUpdated_CaseStausToResolved_Test
scrum/service/test/MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_04_ChangeLegalNameBusinessAccount_Reject_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP04_ServiceEnab_TC_04_ChangeLegalNameBusinessAccount_Reject_Test
scrum/qm/test/MP09_QM_TC_01_GBJ_CreateQuoteByGBJ_Internet_TV_Test.java
 scrum.qm.test.MP09_QM_TC_01_GBJ_CreateQuoteByGBJ_Internet_TV_Test
scrum/service/test/MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_06_VerifyAccess_Accounts_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_06_VerifyAccess_Accounts_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP05_SalesEnab_TC_01_VerifyR4B_B2B_Navigation_Test.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP05_SalesEnab_TC_01_VerifyR4B_B2B_Navigation_Test
scrum/service/test/MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_01_CreateBusinessAccount_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_01_CreateBusinessAccount_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_11_Validate_FailedOrchestrationTask1_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_11_Validate_FailedOrchestrationTask1_Test
mp/scrum/test/MP_Scrum_CPQOM_Quote_Pricing_Cost_ContractCodes_Validation_Test.java
 mp.scrum.test.MP_Scrum_CPQOM_Quote_Pricing_Cost_ContractCodes_Validation_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_10_Validate_ClosedLostOpportunity_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_10_Validate_ClosedLostOpportunity_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP01_SalesEnab_TC_03_CreateQuote_OffNetServiceability_Test.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP01_SalesEnab_TC_03_CreateQuote_OffNetServiceability_Test
scrum/service/test/MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_02_CreateServiceAccount_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_02_CreateServiceAccount_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_12_Validate_FailedOrchestrationTask2_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_12_Validate_FailedOrchestrationTask2_Test
scrum/service/test/MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_07_VerifyAccess_Contacts_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP01_ServiceEnab_TC_07_VerifyAccess_Contacts_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_05_R4B_B2B_R4B_Account_Contact_EmpSize_AccStatusUpdate_ValidationTest.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_05_R4B_B2B_R4B_Account_Contact_EmpSize_AccStatusUpdate_ValidationTest
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_06_ExistingCon_ExistingSA_ExistingSiteCon_BusInt_Monthly_ATL_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_06_ExistingCon_ExistingSA_ExistingSiteCon_BusInt_Monthly_ATL_Test
scrum/service/test/MP11_Service_TC_01_Validate_Knowledge_Menu_ArticleCreation_Details_WidgetInCase_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP11_Service_TC_01_Validate_Knowledge_Menu_ArticleCreation_Details_WidgetInCase_Test
testpoc/mpdemo/test/SFDC_TC_01_ValidateCaseSearch_Test.java
 testpoc.mpdemo.test.SFDC_TC_01_ValidateCaseSearch_Test
scrum/service/test/MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_05_Vaidate_DuplicateContact_InactiveToActiveContacts_CreateIndirectACR_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_05_Vaidate_DuplicateContact_InactiveToActiveContacts_CreateIndirectACR_Test
scrum/qm/test/MP09_QM_TC_03_ValidateEPCChanges_HybridCart_Test.java
 scrum.qm.test.MP09_QM_TC_03_ValidateEPCChanges_HybridCart_Test
com/regression_02/test/MP_OM_TC_01_Validation_Order_Cancellation_After_Task2_Failed_ON_Test.java
 com.regression_02.test.MP_OM_TC_01_Validation_Order_Cancellation_After_Task2_Failed_ON_Test
testpoc/insprint/test/TC_1_Sprint_07_US_860__CONTACT_____Create_Primary_Contact_For_BA_Test.java
 testpoc.insprint.test.TC_1_Sprint_07_US_860__CONTACT_____Create_Primary_Contact_For_BA_Test
mp/scrum/test/MP_Scrum_CPQOM_GBJ_Price_Margin_Validation_Test.java
 mp.scrum.test.MP_Scrum_CPQOM_GBJ_Price_Margin_Validation_Test
scrum/qm/test/MP01_QM_TC_03_Quote_CreateOrder_Test.java
 scrum.qm.test.MP01_QM_TC_03_Quote_CreateOrder_Test
scrum/communities/test/MP_Communities_TC_05_Validation_Of_Case_Layout_DynamicReasonList_BasedOn_Product_AccountNames_CaseComments_Test.java
 scrum.communities.test.MP_Communities_TC_05_Validation_Of_Case_Layout_DynamicReasonList_BasedOn_Product_AccountNames_CaseComments_Test
com/regression_03/test/TC_05_Validate_Orchestration_Dahsboard_EditCAN_Test.java
 com.regression_03.test.TC_05_Validate_Orchestration_Dahsboard_EditCAN_Test
com/regression_03/test/MP_Regression_OM_RDI_ResumeQuote_updated_sitecontact_persists_quote_CreditCheck_required_ON.java
 com.regression_03.test.MP_Regression_OM_RDI_ResumeQuote_updated_sitecontact_persists_quote_CreditCheck_required_ON
testpoc/insprint/test/TC_2_Sprint_08_US_1362_CONTACT_____Create_Contact_Verify_First_Contact_PrimaryFlag_Readonly_Test.java
 testpoc.insprint.test.TC_2_Sprint_08_US_1362_CONTACT_____Create_Contact_Verify_First_Contact_PrimaryFlag_Readonly_Test
scrum/service/test/MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_01_Validate_Subscription_Page_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_01_Validate_Subscription_Page_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_01_Validate_AE_Home_Page_Tabs_Test.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_01_Validate_AE_Home_Page_Tabs_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_13_Validate_OrderCancellation_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_13_Validate_OrderCancellation_Test
com/regression_01/test/MP_Scrum_ServiceEnab_CaseManagement_TechSupport_Categories_Validation_Test.java
 com.regression_01.test.MP_Scrum_ServiceEnab_CaseManagement_TechSupport_Categories_Validation_Test
scrum/sales/test/MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_02_Validate_UploadFiles_Manage_Library_In_Files_Page_Test.java
 scrum.sales.test.MP_Regression_SalesEnab_TC_02_Validate_UploadFiles_Manage_Library_In_Files_Page_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_08_NewCon_ExistingSA_ExistingSiteCon_BusInt_36Mon_ATL_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_08_NewCon_ExistingSA_ExistingSiteCon_BusInt_36Mon_ATL_Test
scrum/service/test/MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_06_Validate_ReActivateContact_CreateACR_ModifyRoles_VerifyPremises_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP_Regression_ServiceEnab_TC_06_Validate_ReActivateContact_CreateACR_ModifyRoles_VerifyPremises_Test
scrum/service/test/MP14_ServiceEnab_CaseInQueue_NotEditable_InProgressCase_NotAllowedToNew_Test.java
 scrum.service.test.MP14_ServiceEnab_CaseInQueue_NotEditable_InProgressCase_NotAllowedToNew_Test
mp/regression/test/MP_Regression_TC_04_ExistingCon_ExistingSA_ExistingSiteCon_WifiPro_36Mon_ON_Test.java
 mp.regression.test.MP_Regression_TC_04_ExistingCon_ExistingSA_ExistingSiteCon_WifiPro_36Mon_ON_Test
